gh-136170: Revert adding `ZipFile.data_offset` (#136950)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-07-21-22-35-50.gh-issue-136170.QUlc78.rst

> Removed the unreleased ``zipfile.ZipFile.data_offset`` property added in 3.14a7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed the unreleased ``zipfile.ZipFile.data_offset`` property added in 3.14.0a7
```
